hi this is ready for machinery
consultants in Salt Lake City Utah we
are going to pin do this free on the
block's lighting gap been made serial
number five eight got four eight zero
this machine is a 1970s vintage the
condition is very fine it's a low our
machine that is from long time to fence
storage that's limited use and very
clean looks and runs great
this machine is mint condition okay
swing over the bed is 26 inches the
swing over the cross slide 18.5 inches
let's swing over the gap it's 54 inches
the maximum link to the gap open opens
44 inches okay maximum distance between
centers is 54 inches closed to 94 inches
open stop d1 in spindle moves the
spindle four is two and a quarter inches
it's got a cross spindle speeds from 27
to 1080 RPE enters the tell stock ticker
the number-four got 48 threads from 2 to
120 PR it's got 48 feeds from point 0 0
to 3 to 0.32 by PR cup for the 15
horsepower bait order machine weights
about eleven eleven thousand pounds this
machine also is hardened to bed wait
absolutely immaculate it's got a 36 inch
base plate also has a taper attachment
with that plant also back up the cooling
system this machine also comes with a 12
inch three jaw Chuck and a 12 inch drive
dog plate it also has a tip
here we are 27 rpm
here we are at a hundred five rpm
screened out like the ones from feet or
all the time the power bed
see the bed feeding out
we are threatened
range that I can't run the top rpm I've
got around 390 rpms for you that's as
fast as you'd ever want to go with this
bigger faceplate
okay well you see now you need to see on
this video if you have any questions
please give us a call here at machinery
consultants we take you for viewing this